README.md, before:

<img src="./public/favicon.svg" width="70" />

### matrix leave tool/

Dev tool to leave every space or room with a given name. 

based on the customizable modular free and open-source environment for decentralized, distributed communication and collaboration.

[Website](https://medienhaus.dev/) — [Twitter](https://twitter.com/medienhaus_)

<br>

### Deployement as static website

clone git repository and run `npm run buld`.
This will create a folder called 'out' with the static website
### Installation

#### `npm install`

Installs all of the application's dependencies.

### Configuration

Configuration happens in the `next.config.js` file.

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm run dev`

Runs the application in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm run export`

Builds a production-ready version of the application and exports it to the `out` directory. The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.

### Notes

When wrapping a [Link](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/link) from `next/link` within a styled-component, the [as](https://styled-components.com/docs/api#as-polymorphic-prop) prop provided by `styled` will collide with the Link's `as` prop and cause styled-components to throw an `Invalid tag` error. To avoid this, you can either use the recommended [forwardedAs](https://styled-components.com/docs/api#forwardedas-prop) prop from styled-components or use a different named prop to pass to a `styled` Link.

<details>
<summary>Click to expand workaround example</summary>
<br />

**components/StyledLink.js**

```javascript
import Link from 'next/link'
import styled from 'styled-components'

const StyledLink = ({ as, children, className, href }) => (
  <Link href={href} as={as} passHref>
    <a className={className}>{children}</a>
  </Link>
)

export default styled(StyledLink)`
  color: #0075e0;
  text-decoration: none;
  transition: all 0.2s ease-in-out;

  &:hover {
    color: #40a9ff;
  }

  &:focus {
    color: #40a9ff;
    outline: none;
    border: 0;
  }
`
```

**pages/index.js**

```javascript
import StyledLink from '../components/StyledLink'

export default () => (
  <StyledLink href="/post/[pid]" forwardedAs="/post/abc">
    First post
  </StyledLink>
)
```

</details>

Commit message:

update for state event route

README.md, after:

<img src="./public/favicon.svg" width="70" />

### matrix leave tool/

Dev tool for matrix rooms and spaces.
 
 /leave lets you leave every space or room with a given name. 
 /space event lets you add a state event with a given name to a given room.

based on the customizable modular free and open-source environment for decentralized, distributed communication and collaboration.

[Website](https://medienhaus.dev/) — [Twitter](https://twitter.com/medienhaus_)

<br>

### Deployement as static website

clone git repository and run `npm run buld`.
This will create a folder called 'out' with the static website
### Installation

#### `npm install`

Installs all of the application's dependencies.

### Configuration

Configuration happens in the `next.config.js` file.

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm run dev`

Runs the application in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm run export`

Builds a production-ready version of the application and exports it to the `out` directory. The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.

### Notes

When wrapping a [Link](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/link) from `next/link` within a styled-component, the [as](https://styled-components.com/docs/api#as-polymorphic-prop) prop provided by `styled` will collide with the Link's `as` prop and cause styled-components to throw an `Invalid tag` error. To avoid this, you can either use the recommended [forwardedAs](https://styled-components.com/docs/api#forwardedas-prop) prop from styled-components or use a different named prop to pass to a `styled` Link.

<details>
<summary>Click to expand workaround example</summary>
<br />

**components/StyledLink.js**

```javascript
import Link from 'next/link'
import styled from 'styled-components'

const StyledLink = ({ as, children, className, href }) => (
  <Link href={href} as={as} passHref>
    <a className={className}>{children}</a>
  </Link>
)

export default styled(StyledLink)`
  color: #0075e0;
  text-decoration: none;
  transition: all 0.2s ease-in-out;

  &:hover {
    color: #40a9ff;
  }

  &:focus {
    color: #40a9ff;
    outline: none;
    border: 0;
  }
`
```

**pages/index.js**

```javascript
import StyledLink from '../components/StyledLink'

export default () => (
  <StyledLink href="/post/[pid]" forwardedAs="/post/abc">
    First post
  </StyledLink>
)
```

</details>
